NEGATIVE: 0.36733
Според анализата на содржината од последните вести, текстот има негативен тон, што укажува на предизвици и можни ризици во работењето на компанијата. Ова може да биде поврзано со опаѓање на приходите, зголемени трошоци или други финансски проблеми. Препорачуваме претпазливост и детално разгледување на потенцијалните ризици пред донесување на инвестициска одлука.

Original Text:
Skopje: 31/10/2024 Adversity to the result of the unrestrained semi-yearly financial reports the Vinarska Visba Kula Kula Kula Kamir Kapia period from 01/01.2024 to 30/09.2024 ended with a positive financial result of 3,225 000 denars. Society compared to last year has a similar financial result of its operations. According to the latest revised annual financial reports, the Society has no change in accounting and methods of accounting policies compared to the last year. In the period from 01/01/2024 to 30/09/2024, the Society has made a total operational income of 25,915 thousand denars. Operational spending is 21.337 thousand denars; these are the result of the regular operation of the company's 28/24 wine production; in terms of financial incomes and expenditures to mention that the Society has a long-term credit at the Sparkase Bank AD Skopje with a date for processing of 28/07/24, which has been paid on an average. In the first nine months of 2024, the WV Popova Kula AD has no investment or sale of material resources or their significant write-offs in the first nine months of 2024.V Popova Kula AD has no changes in credit debt (demands or increases of more than 30% compared to the last annual financial reports). The future is still uncertain. The temporary disadvantages, an extremely hot summer in prolonged season, have led to low yields in the vines. The market for raw materials is unstable and with unstable with a period of time. Forces in the direction of price hikes on them but there are problems in procurement of them, and also the price of energies has an increase, especially not hitting the high price of electricity because in order to get a high qualt of the ultimate introduction control of fermentation we do it by using a significant amount of electricity. Another quite serious problem we face is the lack of qualified labour. We also work in a rural small municipality where human drain is exponentially larger than other municipalities where it's just big, and we think that just as our citizens are already out of the international labour market in which the drain of people is exponentially larger than other municipalities, to allow us to go out into the international labour market, if that is not possible, it will seriously disrupt the possibility of the company's functioning of the firm. WVPowova Kulda Skopje: 25/07/2024 Adhesion to the result of the unrestrained semi-yearly financial reports The Vinarska Vizba Kula Kula Kamir Kapija finished the first half of 2024 with a positive financial result of 1,865 denars. The association compared to last year has a larger financial result of its operations, largely due to increased wine exports. According to the latest revised annual financial reports, the association has no change. Accountary policies and methods of valuation of the items. During the period 01/01/2024 to 30/06/24, the Society made total operational revenues of 13.926 thousand denars. Compared to the same period last year, these revenues increased by 3,469 thousand denars. This increases for the most part due to increased wine exports. Operational spending has been increased by 2,560 000 days. The increase is due to increased work volumes of more material spent on production. In terms of financial revenues and spending, let's note that the Society has no long-term credit at Shparkase Bank AD Skopje with the due date for 28/07/2024 installments .V Popova Kula AD has no payment of dividends. VV Popova Kula AD does not have investment or sales of material funds or their significant write-offs in the first six months of 2024.V Popova Kula Kula AD has no changes in credit delays (s or increases of 30 per cent more since the last year's audited annual financial write-offs in 2024. Reports -- the future is still uncertain, the military situation in Ukraine has negative impacts on our operations before everything is expressed in a severalfold increase in the price of bottles and other raw materials we use but also in the inability to obtain them as well as by increasing the price of energys, especially not hitting the high price of electricity because in order to get a high qualt of the ultimate exchange control of fermentation we do by using a significant amount of energy. Another very serious problem we're facing is the lack of a qualified workforce, we have a major problem in hiring persons and the sector of vinery and sector tourism, and we're working in a rural small municipality where human drain is exponentially larger than other municipalities where it's just big, and we feel that as our citizens are already out of the international labour market and at home firms, we need to be able to go out on our own free. The international labour market. If this does not allow the lack of personnel for work will seriously damage the company's functioning, with respect, the VV Popova Kuula AD Skopje: 31/10/2024 Aducated to the result of an unreviewed semi-yearly financial report Association of Production and Exchanges Vinarska Visba Kolova AD Demir Kapia period from 01.0124 to 30.0924 ended with a positive financial result of 3,20,000 days. compared to last year's period of 01. There is a similar financial result of its operations. Compared to the latest revised annual financial reports, the Society has made no changes in accounting policies and methods of valuation of the items.The operational spending amounts to 21,337 thousand days.The same are the result of the regular operation of the Wire Association. In terms of financial revenue and spending, the operational spending amounts are 21.337 thousand days. We note that the Society has a long-term credit at Shparkase Bank AD Skopje on the due date of the 28/07/2024 installment that has been paid on time. VV Popova Kula AD has not paid off dividends. VV Popova Kula AD does not have investment or sale of material resources or their significant write-offs in the first nine months of 2024. The WP Popova Kulova Kula AD has no changes in credit debt (less or increases from more than 30 per cent of last annual financial reports) is still being revised by the last year. Unrestrainedly, the periodic ills in an extremely hot summer in prolonged season have led to low yields in vinery. The reproject market is unstable and with a force towards increasing the price of them but there are problems in procurement of them, and we also make the price of energies rise, especially not hitting the high price of electricity because in order to get a high qualtation control of fermentation by using a significant amount of energy. Another very serious problem we're facing is the lack of a qualified workforce, we have a major problem in hiring persons and the sector of vinery and sector tourism, and we're working in a rural small municipality where human drain is exponentially larger than other municipalities where it's just big, and we feel that as our citizens are already out of the international labour market and at home firms, we need to be able to go out on our own free. The international labour market, if that does not allow for lack of personnel to work, will seriously disrupt the possibility of the company functioning.