UNITED STATES No. 1. 16 Macedonian Brigade No. 18, Skopje More Important Actions by the Society Liberty Ad - Skopje's Chairmanship of the Trade Society Seament Association. The 16th Macedonian Brigade No. International financial reporting standards (Administrator) Information whether the annual account is a single or consolidated Annual Account is made up of the Reporter Society and it is not consolidated the Valuta of presentation Denar (ICD) 3. The accounting policies are applied consistently throughout the year presented, and are equal to the previous year. The basic accounting policies that have been applied in the preparation of the annual account are given in the follow-up.The 4POHDI Realised Revenues From Sales in the 3rd quarter to 2024 compared to the third quarter last year mark reduction, and in revenues from export sales, and at the domestic market. In 2024, the event occurred in the third quarter of 2024 A relative stabilisation of sales prices, which compared to the same period last year marks a decrease. Mostly, market movements are the ones that dictate price levels, above all, competition for the same or similar products from Turkey, China and some other countries in the Far East, which aggressively represent the Balkans, as a zone in which there are neither nor any barriers to importing steel products. Realised revenues from the sale (3th 2023 section 2024). denars Q3 2023 4,380,526 Q3 2024.015.451 Productions in the sale 3rd quarter 2023 in the 3rd quarter 2024) in a thousand denars Description 3rd 2023 3rd, 2024 incomes from the domestic market 793,065 714,660 incomes from exports 3,585,707 3,302988 applicants are largely provided with advance payments, bank or insurance lists for insurance companies. The prices of raw materials and energys, which during the same period last year were significantly higher. Expenses from 3rd quarter 2023 € 3rd quarter 2024) in a thousand denars of Q23 2023,544,387 Q3 2024,022775 Company replaced a fully warm-vala track with cold valan repro-material, which contributed to a significant reduction of the cost, after a single product. Such a replacement of the raw materials brought in, Liberti Ad Skopje, to show a steep loss, and savings that will be saved in large costs, which will be saved in the cost. Reflecting on the longer term, it also led to the achievement of an even greater quality of Liberty AD Skopje's products, as well as the optimisation of labour and internal production processes.The 6 VOLATIONS IN MATERAL ENVIRONMENTS INFECTION of Investment Actions continue intensively in 2024, given the global crisis initiated by the Russian-Ukrainian War, Liberty AD Skopje has been centered mostly on smaller projects of the company that carry a back-up on investment from one of one of the world crisis initiated by the Russian-Ukrainian war, Liberty AD Skopje. A year and a long-term long-term record, part of such closing projects in the first half of the year were: New reins no.1 in a welding machine and a new no.2 ahead of the Dunting Roll on the Cyclicated Lim line. The goal -- improvement of the tightening and a much more stable track in the entry reserve and in the oven. The full realisation was in the first half of 2024 and contributes to greater stability of the track, with better quality. No. 3 and No. 4. The purpose of it was to eliminate the presence of acid acid discharges, and thus contribute to raising the level of health and safety of those working on these plants. It went into the operation of tub No.1 as part of the pre-painting course preparation system, and with this undertaking the additional trackwashing tub will improve the preparation system and thus improve the quality of the plastic line. For half of the 20th year, the following 20th are planned for the next 20th year. Projects: Installing a linni-Balstan on the Cycinated Lim line with a new reinstuff to tighten the track between the existing tightening flat and the SCP, thus reducing the cost of production by reducing the number of positions that are covered in plastic, reducing transport, increasing the application - the status requirement - has been offered. Construction of project documentation, equipment supply, montage and release is expected in 2025; installing a re-cure in the preheating pipeline of a preheater to a line stove for a pod that will reduce natural gas consumption by 15%, reduce emissions of gas emissions and heat up the air for a preheater. The goal - reduction of work costs by reducing natural gas consumption by 15%, reducing emissions of gas emissions -- is a projectal status. Documentation, supply of equipment, montage and release is expected to be installed by the end of 2024; installing a new custom system for the use of recyclable cooling water to cool the Pocincanal furnace; goal -- improving the cooling system of the Pocincanal furnace; use of water with predefined parameters that will increase cooling efficiency and the life span of elements that are cooling with water on the Pocinca. The company's priority is to continue growing in other markets and continue to develop new products at the request of our consumers in order to meet their needs and demands.The company will continue to promote the strategy for reducing internal costs to be competitive in the market. The focus of the group is environmental production, or production, which is carbonally, and until 2030. This implies research in terms of the best use of new technologies, such as the production of steel through renewable sources, and this includes recycling of steel waste in electrical furnaces and use of renewable energy. The goal is to reduce electricity consumption and Soberti AD emissions respect the announcement regarding the use of power. The current composition of LIBERTI AD Skopje's Board of Directors' Board of Directors is followed: Sanjeev Gupta - Executive Board of Directors Committee of Directors Executive member Iain Mark Hinter - Inextructive and Independent Board of Directors.