NEUTRAL: 0.80793
Според анализата на содржината од последните вести, текстот покажува избалансиран тон без истакнати позитивни или негативни аспекти. Ова може да укаже на стабилност во работењето на компанијата, но без јасни показатели за раст или пад. Препорачуваме дополнителна анализа на финансиските податоци и информации за донесување на информирана инвестициска одлука.

Original Text:
SCIENTY PAZARD AD SCOPEE RESEARCHED FOR RESIDENT RESULTATI for the period January 2024, Skopje's Market AD Skopje for January 2024 for September 2024 has achieved a positive financial result expressed in an unrestrained and short-designed Bilan to success. The accounting policy and methods of valuation of building facilities consisting of storage and business space, provided under an operational basis for the acquisition of real estate, by means of transmission, by default. Initial recognition such as rental real estate, these funds are recognised by their objective values, which are market values, established by external assessmentors with adequate experience. The difference between the previously recorded value and objective value is treated in accordance with the MS 16 as a revalociation reserve within the community's capital. which are initially recognised by the objective value model, is done by reevaluating their objective value of each balance date. The profit and the loss resulting from the change of objective value is recognised in the gains or losses of the period in which the MSS came into existence according to 40. Total incomes established total revenues in the January September 2024 period amounted to 550.030,000 days and compared to those achieved in the same period of 20 years. A 110 per cent increase in Skopje's Market AD Skopje for January 2024 made a profit of 35,015 000 denars, a 347 per cent increase in the same period from last year. Total expenditures for January's September 2024 period amounted to 198,015 thousand days, and compared to the same period in 20 23 marked an increase of 8 per cent. The exchange rate payment for 20,175 denars is distributed for investments in accordance with a decision on the distribution of gains.Investing in 202 4 has been extended by implementing planned investments at the facilities that will stop the Society. January 2024 saw a positive financial result expressed in an unrevided and unsolved Bilan as a success. The accounting policy and methods of valuing construction facilities consisting of storage and business space, provided under operational leases, are classified into rental real estate by means of transmission, according to their conversion. After initial recognition as rental real estates, these funds are recognised by their facilities, which represent market values Values, established by external assessmentors with appropriate experience. The difference between the previously recorded value and objective value is treated in accordance with the MSS 16 as a revaleration reserve within the Society's capital. The subsequent measurement of construction objects (magic and business space) which are issued under operating leases, which are initially recognised by the objectial value model, is carried out by reevaluating their objective value on each date The winnings and losses stemming from the change of objective value are recognized in the gains or losses in the period in which the MS 40 came into existence. Total incomes established total revenues in January 2024 are 550.030 denars, and compared to those achieved in the same period in 20 23 years, marked an increase of 110 per cent. Skopje's Market AD Skopje for January 20 September 20 September 24 received a profit of 352.15 000 days. An increase of 347 per cent compared to the same period last year. Total expenditures for the period January 2024 amount to 198,2015 000 denars, and compared to the same period in 20 23 points of increase of 8 per cent. Divideda's regular Annual Assembly held on 15,05,2024, no decision was made to pay the dividend in 20 23 years. Investments in 202,490,175 denars are distributed for investments in accordance with the decision on the distribution of the winnings. Investments in 202 4 are extended by implementing planned investments at the facilities operating the Society. According to Article 39 of the Computing Rules, we publish the following: Reporting of a big deal with the interest of the body that made the decision to approve the deal with the Assembly of Associations of Scope Market Ad Skopje and Number of the Date A decision by a proper organ 02-1/1/29 -1 of the 03/09.2024 Object of the Annex Agreement to Framework Revolving Credit-Limitation Agreement, based on a mandatory right the value of the deal (including, without limit, loan, credit, warrant or guarantee) in which the interest side is a member of the management, i.e.e. the supervisor's board or administrator, including the executives, or shareholders of the company with which is associated with a person is owning 20% or more percent of the actions with the right at the vote of the company or person who has the authority to provide company instructions that are mandatory (1) absolute amount : 33,000.000 euros (2) a relative amount 66.51% in terms of the accounting value of company property determined by the latest financial reports of the company (3) the value of the deal corresponds to market and the value and deals of the same type that have been confirmed by the Report from the audit of the agreement on a reasonable grant, or sides of the Skopje Market Agreement The AD Skopje Commercial Bank AD Skopje Interested Side (name, last name, position in society, or property and description of interest in the Agreement/Conflict of Interest) Fatmir Ethemi is the Presateel of the Skopje Market Board AD Skopje, while at the same time being the gl of the Commercial Bank Board AD Skopje . Fatmir Ethemi is the governor and sole owner of the ZSF-COMOL Skopje Action and a percentage of interest in the main company of ZDFOP-COM Skopje holds 27,497 ordinary voice-right actions (characteristics, conditions, deadlines and other material conditions) using credits for turnovers, investment and guarantees with the right to vote, other material conditions (characteristics, deadlines, and other material conditions) and the use of credits for exchange funds, investment and guarantees that the conditions would be to be specified in the personal contracts SCOP PADOPJECEZEN FOR THE EN RELATION FOR THE UNITED STATE OF THE UNITED STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OF THE UNITED STATES OF THE UNITED NATION. The AD Skopje for the period January 2024 has achieved a positive financial result expressed in an unrestrained and unsolved Bilan as a success. Accounting policy and methods of valuing construction facilities consisting of storage and business space, made under operational leases, are classified into rental real estates along the way, according to their conversion. After initial recognition as rental real estate, these funds are recognised by their facilities, which are recognized by their facilities, which, according to their transfers. The difference between the previously recorded value and objective value is treated in accordance with MS 16 as a revalocation reserve within the community's capital. The subsequent measurement of construction facilities (magic and business space) is being issued under operating leases, which are initially recognised by the objective model, is done with a reevaluation of their facilities The winnings and loss stemming from the change of objective value are recognized in the gains or losses in the period in which the MS 40 came into existence, total incomes established in January 2024 are 550.030,000 denars, and compared to those achieved in the same period in 20 23 years, a total increase of 110 percent. Skopje's Skopje Market AD for the period January 2024 received 352.150. Thousands of denars, which amount to a 347% increase compared to the same period last year. Total expenditures for January's October 2024 period amount to 198,015,000 denars, and compared to the same period that occurred in 20 23 years amount to an 8 per cent increase. 20 23 of the amount of 120,490,175 denars are distributed for investments in accordance with the decision to distribute the winnings. Investments in 202 4 have been extended by implementing planned investments at the facilities with which the Society is managing. According to Article 39 of the Cohetation Rules, we publish the following: Reporting on a big deal with the interest of the body that made the decision to approve the deal with the Assembly of Associations of the Ski Market, Skopje No. and the date of a proper decision made by a proper organ 02-11/29 -1 of the 03/09.2024 Object of the Anex Concluding Agreement to the Framework Revolving Credit Agreement -mymit based on a mandatory right the Value of the Deal (including, Without Restriction, Credit, Trust, or Guarantee) in which the interested side is a member of the management, i.e.e.e., the oversight board or administrator, including the executives, or shareholders of the company that together with which is related to 20% of persons, or more percent, or more. Out of the company's voting actions or who has the authority to provide company instructions that are mandatory (1) absolute amount : 33,000.000 euros (2) relative amount 66.51% in terms of the accounting value of company property determined by the latest financial reports of the company (3) The value of the deal corresponds to market and the value of the shares of the same type which is confirmed by the Report from the audit of the Treaty of Reasonable Conviction or Sides The Skopje-based Skopje Commercial Bank AD Skopje deal interest side (name, last name, position in society, or property, and description of interest in the Agreement/Conflict of Interest) Fatmir Ethemi is the Prestate of the Scenario Market Board AD Skopje, while at the same time being the linen of the Commercial Bank AD Skopje Board. Fatmir Ethemi is the sole owner and owner of ZSF-COMOL Skopje, Number of a percentage of the shares and participation on the mainstial side of the foundation. The ZSF-COM DOOEL Skopje company holds 27,497 ordinary voting actions issued by Skopje's AD Skopje or 38.7.6% of the total number of published ordinary actions with the right to vote other material conditions of the deal (caracteristics, conditions, deadlines and other material conditions) using credits for turnovers, investment and guarantees to specific in individual agreements